hey guys I feel like I haven't talked to
you guys in like forever I just want to
make this quick video to let you guys
know that I'm coming back to filming
again if you guys don't know that I have
been missing in action lately I feel
like for the past three years here in
New youtube I feel like I neglected my
YouTube a lot it started when during
Hurricane sandy and then I got sick and
I was you know I was in the hospital for
three three weeks and then after that my
family got devastated at home and then I
have to go back to the Philippines and
then now you know two weeks ago my
cousin passed away and I feel like over
the three years my YouTube has been
really not how I started it it's I feel
like I neglected it I feel like I put it
in the back burner and I really
apologize for that but I want you guys
to know that I'm coming back and I will
be filming again actually I will be
filming today and my plan is to again
put makeup tutorials every mondays and
thursdays or wednesdays are like none
makeup tutorial videos like I don't know
top favorite videos maybe room tour or
room organization what nut and DIY
something like that and then Sunday's
I'm thinking to put up a vlog weekly
vlog because I don't know if you guys
follow me on my social media I got a new
puppies so I have two puppies now the
first puppy that i have is candy she's a
German Shorthaired Pointer you so her a
lot before and also in my social media
like Instagram or Facebook
but now I got a new puppy and her name
is Coco and I'm pretty sure some of you
already saw her pictures on my Instagram
and on facebook but yeah I will be doing
a weekly vlog every Sunday that would be
my vlog of the week and then I will be
closed in on every Sunday's now I don't
know if you like vlogs I don't know if
you would like vlogs but that would be
my schedule now from now on and so if
you don't like vlogs please just
disregard that video check out my other
uploads every Monday which is the makeup
tutorials if you're only into makeup
what else yes so I feel like I had to
start over again just to get my self
back up again because I feel like in in
three years I get I always I don't know
in three years I got all these life
trials in my life and I feel like I
always get back up and I always get
knocked down right away like that's what
it feels like but you know I can't
complain I'm still alive I'm still
breathing I still get to do things that
I want to do and I still get to do
things that I love to do and I hope you
guys you know understand that my the
reason why I'm missing lately and also
thank you so much for sticking with me
through this year's um I really I'm
really really lucky to have a really
supportive and
supportive and really understanding so
supporters and think you think you could
thank you thank you guys so much for
that and I promise that I will never
ever ever stop making YouTube videos I
would probably like you know have a
little break have a break little break
here and there but I will never ever
stop making me two videos also if you
have a youtube channel i would also love
to go up to a lot of you guys I know
before I was missing in action before
that I did a lot of collaboration video
with a lot of people here on YouTube and
i would love to collab with with a lot
of you guys if you go if you have a
youtube channel comment down below if
you want to collab I will leave my my
that's library I will leave my social
media or my email address down the
description box so you guys can contact
you directly and we can talk about like
you know collaboration ideas and whatnot
so yeah um I think that's pretty much it
that I'm gonna let you guys know I want
to make it look really quick it's on
already five minutes so yeah that's it
and stay tuned for new makeup tutorial
tomorrow I will be filming it today and
I will be also editing them today and
yeah I guess that's it thank you guys so
much for supporting me for understanding
and for staying with me sticking with me
I really really do appreciate you guys
and
yeah that's it for this video for now
and I'll talk to you guys very vers I